[DOCS-9923] Update software_templates.md (#27226)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_catalog/software_templates.md

1. From the app, customize the form to include the parameters you want to capture from your developers.
2. Click **Save as New App** to save the app. This will also create a corresponding templating workflow.

##### Create S3 bucket with Terraform

The [Create S3 Bucket blueprint][10] shows an example of how to generate Terraform code for an S3 bucket using a form in GitHub.

##### Provision Kubernetes cluster

> The [Provision EKS Cluster blueprint][12] shows an example of how to generate Terraform code for a new Kubernetes cluster in GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Provision EKS Cluster blueprint][12] shows an example of how to generate Terraform code for a Kubernetes cluster in GitHub.
```

##### Provision RDS instance

> The [Provision RDS Instance blueprint][13] shows an example of how to provision a new RDS instance through direct integration with AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Provision RDS Instance blueprint][13] shows an example of how to provision an RDS instance through direct integration with AWS.
```

> ##### Create S3 Bucket with Terraform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Create S3 bucket with Terraform
```

> The [Create S3 Bucket blueprint][10] shows an example of creating the terraform for an S3 bucket from a form in Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Create S3 Bucket blueprint][10] shows an example of how to generate Terraform code for an S3 bucket using a form in GitHub.
```

> ##### Provision Kubernetes Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Provision Kubernetes cluster
```

> The [Provision EKS Cluster blueprint][12] shows an example of creating the terraform for a new Kubernetes cluster in Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Provision EKS Cluster blueprint][12] shows an example of how to generate Terraform code for a new Kubernetes cluster in GitHub.
```

> ##### Provision RDS Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Provision RDS instance
```

> The [Provision RDS Instance blueprint][13] shows an example of provisioning a new RDS instance via direct integration with AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Provision RDS Instance blueprint][13] shows an example of how to provision a new RDS instance through direct integration with AWS.
```
